As a medical devices salesman, James Eagle travelled across Scandinavia and would frequently be met with salmon or gravlax as “the main event” on menus.

Back in the UK, he felt that thinly-cut smoked salmon was a sidenote on our plates. “I always thought that was a shame,” says Eagle.

Redundancy from his sales job in 2013 allowed Eagle to start a smokehouse from a small shed at the bottom of his garden in Camberwell, London, which turned from a hobby into the birth of his artisan brand – The Pished Fish.


Read More: Horticulturists told us our seeds business 'is not what people want, Love'

“In the UK, when you get a smoked salmon and cream cheese bagel, it’s the cream cheese and bagel you can taste,” adds Eagle. “How I likened it is with wafer-thin smoked salmon almost melting into the bagel.”

Eagle, who didn’t complete university, worked for drum and bass label Good Looking Records in the early 2000s and was PA to LTJ Bukem before turning to a career in sales.

However, being laid off at the medical devices firm left a “sour taste” and taught him a lesson in "how to look after my own staff now.”

In late 2014, Eagle ventured to farmers' markets with homemade smoked salmon made in what he describes as a “glorified filing cabinet” smoker. He would start at 1am for the laborious 16-hour process.

Pished Fish&#39;s direct to consumer side of the business has rocketed since Covid.
Pished Fish's direct-to-consumer side of the business has rocketed since COVID.
He produced three different flavours, sold out every weekend and it gave Eagle the confidence that a more lucrative business was in the offing.

The Pished Fish’s USP is using botanicals and alcohol – hence the fun company name – such as whisky, aquavit and vodka to flavour its booze-infused, Scandinavian-style smoked salmon. “The ones which I thought were more fun were done with alcohol,” he recalls of his early smokehouse testing.


After meeting his now wife, Hermione, through dating site My Single Friend, the couple had attended a course on how to start a food business. Eagle’s main takeaway was not to rely on the product but to have a compelling brand.

He spent £4,000 on a design and logo. “Having someone to properly imagine what it could be was really important,” he says. “I felt it was an awful amount of money at the time, but it was the best money you could spend.”

Read More: 'We've all grown up with radiators - underfloor heating is a no-brainer'

When a fishmonger at Selfridges later spotted the brand, the Eagles moved to East Sussex and went full-time to upscale the business. The start-up was housed on his father’s land near the Sussex Downs, at first in two shipping containers before moving to an adjacent building where Eagle today employs eight full-time staff.
BitMEX has announced a new global campaign focusing on trading Equity Perpetuals (Perps), with notable attention given to contracts for companies such as Apple and Tesla, both significant players in the electric vehicle and technology sectors. The campaign, which includes a 70,000 USDT prize pool, aims to engage participants through trading activities, promotional sharing, and educational quizzes. While this initiative centers around trading, it highlights the growing financial activities tied to major electric vehicle companies, reflecting broader market interests and trends within the EV industry.


Tesla last closed at $417.07 down 2.6%.

In other market news, Chongqing Afari Technology was trading firmly up 10% and ending the day at CN¥11.39. In the meantime, FIT Hon Teng trailed, down 12.4% to close at HK$5.51.

Tesla's focus on high-margin software revenue through autonomous services is transforming its earnings potential amidst regulatory and cost challenges. Click here to discover the pivotal narrative driving Tesla's future.

Don't miss our Market Insights article on investing amid messy commodity prices, highlighting the vital role of industrial metals in the EV sector, critical for future growth.

Make It Happen
Click here to access our complete index of 78 EV Stocks, which features Renault, Gentex and Anhui Jianghuai Automobile GroupLtd.

Looking For Alternative Opportunities? Rare earth metals are an input to most high-tech devices, military and defence systems and electric vehicles. The global race is on to secure supply of these critical minerals. Beat the pack to uncover the 31 best rare earth metal stocks of the very few that mine this essential strategic resource.

This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.

Sources:

Simply Wall St

"BitMEX Launches Equity Perps Campaign Featuring 70,000 USDT Prize Pool" from BitMEX on GlobeNewswire (published 12 February 2026)

Companies discussed in this article include SHSE:601777 NasdaqGS:TSLA and SEHK:6088.

This article was originally published by Simply Wall St.

Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team@simplywallst.com

